"Understanding is often acted out, before it can be articulated" - Jordan Peterson
"Let the task for the day announce themselves for your contemplation." - Jordan Peterson
"If you can not see what is in front of you, how do you know if you are blind?" - Elijah

"Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value." - Albert Einstein
"It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation." - Herman Melville
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." - Walt Disney
"All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence; then success is sure." - Mark Twain
"Be yourself; everyone else is already taken." - Oscar Wilde

"A room without books is like a body without a soul." - Marcus Tullius Cicero
"Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind." - Bernard M. Baruch
"Be the change that you wish to see in the world." - Mahatma Gandhi
"If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything." - Mark Twain
"Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever." - Mahatma Gandhi

"Without music, life would be a mistake." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"The man who does not read has no advantage over the man who cannot read." - Mark Twain
"Everything you can imagine is real." - Pablo Picasso
"You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me." - C.S. Lewis

"Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." - George Bernard Shaw
"There is no friend as loyal as a book." - Ernest Hemingway
"I find television very educating. Every time somebody turns on the set, I go into the other room and read a book." - Groucho Marx
"Not all of us can do great things. But we can do small things with great love." - Mother Teresa
"I'm not afraid of death; I just don't want to be there when it happens." - Woody Allen